# bottle
A webapp with focus on creating and composing components. The project used hardcoded resources for tokens, interface and types in place of autogenerated content from backend/designsystem. 

Worktime: ~18h

## Folder structure
| Folder | Description |
| --- | --- |
| dist | Output folder for build |
| public | Static content |
| src/components | All composed components |
| src/helpers | Shared helper methods |
| src/interfaces | Interfaces/type (would be autogenerated from the backend) |
| src/tokens | Design tokens (would be autogenerated from designsystem) |
| src/typography | Shared text components |

---

## Setup

### Prerequisites

Install [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (or install [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)):

``` bash
curl -L https://www.npmjs.com/install.sh | sh
```

### Install dependencies

``` bash
npm ci
```


## Run development server

Serves the app at `localhost:3000`:

``` bash
npm run start
```

## Build app

Outputs app in `dist` folder:

```bash
npm run build
```

---

## Goals and TODOs

### Goals
Having the tools and structure to create and compose new components was the main goal. The use of the typography componenets is a great example of how both tokens and typing makes easy-to-understand and reusable components. Time was also used on creating animations with `react-spring`, which is based on physics variable more than a timeline, more so on implmenting propper routing or handling data in this demo. Notice that some tokens have been copied from another project (so I didn't have to create color theme) and that icons was fetched as free-use resources.

### TODOs
The main parts missing is state management (Redux or Recoil), propper routing, Storybook and a common component structure. Each component should be placed in a folder along with a story, custom interface/types, helpers and mock data. Component folders would be split between a `generics` and `features`-folders to seperate generic components, for composing, and feature components, for tailor-made components made of compositions. Helpers/hooks for media queries would also be a great addition to make it simpler to get help with breakpoints or feature detection.
As for features; the grid could use some work, by filling the screen with items to just under below-the-fold, and then animating every row of items entering the screen on scroll.
#### Notice: The url does not change, so state is lost when reloading. Submitting a new bottle does nothing as no database is hooked up.
